c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.exe.config
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.exe
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.pdb
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Win.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.UI.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.UI.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.Wizard.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Win.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Presets.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.UI.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v13.1.Core.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v13.1.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevComponents.DotNetBar2.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Win.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.UI.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Map.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.UI.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.Wizard.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Win.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraMap.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Extensions.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.UI.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v13.1.Core.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v13.1.xml
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v13.1.Win.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v13.1.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v13.1.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v13.1.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraWizard.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v13.1.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v13.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v13.1.resources.dll
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.exe.licenses
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.exe
c:\users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.pdb
C:\Users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.frm_main.resources
C:\Users\nhan_pro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyCuaHangLinhKienMayTinh.sub1.resources
